 I am engaged in the coffee business in China, 35 years old, from Shanghai, China.

Our company was capitalized at the end of 2018, with me and a few partners investing together. We would review the financial inflows on a monthly or quarterly basis, and the amounts on the books were quite staggering. Although it may seem like we made a lot of money, in reality, a significant portion went towards taxes.

By 2019, it was already evident that the overall economy in Shanghai was not doing well. People didn't have money, and everyone was unwilling to go out and spend. A cup of coffee in Shanghai costs around 40 or 30-something yuan, which may be relatively more expensive compared to the United States, so we also faced a lot of pressure. We managed to hold on for over a year, but we couldn't continue anymore. Then, in 2020, we encountered a pandemic, which completely cut us off.

I feel that doing business in China, sigh, is really exhausting. Many things can only be truly understood when you personally experience them, and then you realize that this society can truly be described as dark.

You are like being inside a bottle of water, and this water is a tornado. You are definitely spinning along with it, sometimes up and sometimes down. It is possible that this wave will be swept to the surface by the tornado, reaching the pinnacle of life. The next wave will roll you into the eye of the tornado, and you may just fall like that.

Everyone is busy, too tired, really too tired. From the moment children are born, they are made to receive early education, followed by preschool classes and various other classes. Perhaps their schedules are even more packed than those of a big boss.

The first time I thought about "Run" was in 2018, when the word "Run" didn't exist yet. I just felt a lot of pressure in China. At that time, I didn't think about coming to the United States. When I was in China, the information I received was what the Chinese government showed us, so I wasn't particularly interested in the United States. After 2018, I started going there frequently, which is called "climbing the wall" in China. Through this means, I got to know some other Western countries, including the United States.

I left Shanghai on the last day of February 2022. I had a B2 (tourist) visa, so when I went through customs, they asked me a lot of questions and kept me in a small room for a long time, checking this and that. I was actually a bit nervous before takeoff because they said they could let you go and then pull you off the plane. It wasn't until the plane took off that I felt a bit relieved, knowing that I could finally leave.

After I came out, it was about a week or so when Shanghai encountered the epidemic. The lockdown felt like being imprisoned, as they were confined to their own homes. They couldn't even step outside their own front doors. Who would be willing to be imprisoned?

Why did I change from being a "little pink" to being an opposition? It's because of this wave of pandemic. In the past, many people told me things that I didn't know about in China, such as Tibet and Xinjiang, but I never commented or speculated on them. However, when I actually saw some things that my friends and family around me experienced: being locked at home for one or two months without knowing when it would be lifted. Some people were so hungry that they went to the entrance of the residential area and shouted, only to be arrested. I think these things are really going too far.

On the day I left home for the airport, I thought to myself, this might be the last time I see the roads of Shanghai in my life. I am not very willing to return to China again. Once you have become accustomed to living in a free country, you won't want to go to a country that lacks freedom.

