I was born in 1986 and my hometown is Huian County, Quanzhou, Fujian Province. In China, we have been taught since childhood that the Communist Party serves the people and has done great things. However, what I have witnessed is the government oppressing the people and openly violating the law.

At that time, I was still in China, and I was not aware of how bad the Communist Party could be, because our access to information in China is limited. The government's positive side is what we see through the internet and the news.

Until 2015, there was a turning point in my life. Due to financial reasons at home, I chose to become an international seafarer, a sailor on cargo ships, and visited over 30 countries. After going abroad, I discovered that the world is completely different from what I had seen in China.

In 2020, there was an outbreak in Wuhan. I saw on the news that the Chinese government welded people's doors shut, causing them to die inside. The extreme lockdown measures and inhumane actions shattered my heart. I openly criticized Xi Jinping, accusing him of disregarding human lives.

Why do I protest against the Chinese government in this way? There is actually another major reason: because I am a sailor. Many sailors have no guarantee of their rights. Every sailor has to sign two contracts, known as "yin-yang contracts."

Like my first time working on a ship, my contract stated a monthly salary of $500, but once I got on board, I had to sign another contract for $1400 per month. This contract was to comply with ITF (International Transport Workers' Federation) inspections. It's really exploitative, with many unfair terms. However, many people are forced to endure it due to their livelihoods.

Since my first time sailing, I have embarked on a path of safeguarding rights. I had an idea: I want to fight for the legitimate rights and interests of over 1.5 million Chinese seafarers.

In June 2020, I had just returned to my country from Iran. It was also because I expressed dissatisfaction with the government's handling of the epidemic. The police came to my house and warned me to delete the "inappropriate" remarks I made on my phone. He said that if I didn't delete them, I would be violating certain laws and causing negative and detrimental effects on society, and they would hold me criminally responsible.

In July 2020, I felt the danger. I escaped once again by assuming the identity of a crew member and boarding a long-haul cargo ship.

At that time, I thought that as long as I left China, I could go to any country. Coincidentally, my first stop on the voyage was Australia. When I arrived in Australia, I immediately requested asylum from the Australian government. I voluntarily called them the Border Protection Agency and asked them to come to the ship and take me away.

Actually, I am fully capable of illegal immigration, but I did not choose to do so. I chose to trust the Australian government, but now I have been detained in an Australian immigration detention center for over two years, and still have not received any news.

No one wants to leave their hometown, to leave their own family. My eldest daughter is 8 years old, and my youngest daughter is 5 years old. I haven't seen them for two or three years, and they feel like strangers to me. What hurts me the most about taking this path is that even my family doesn't understand me. Even my ex-wife calls me a "traitor" and a "sellout". If questioning the government openly for the sake of the Chinese people makes one a "traitor", then it indicates a very serious problem.

China is under the rule of the Chinese Communist Party, and to be honest, the people are struggling to make a living. But I feel fortunate, in my heart, fortunate that Xi Jinping was elected and continues to govern. Because it is a good thing, if a pig were to govern China, it would only make the Chinese people suffer even more. When the basic needs of the people become a problem, it will be the time when the tyrannical rule of the Chinese Communist Party collapses, and it will only hasten its demise.

