I am 48 years old from mainland China, and I was engaged in the equity investment business in China before I came out from "Run".

I was born in the late Cultural Revolution. I have never met my grandfather, grandmother, grandparents. They were typical of those who did not "run" out in 1949.

In 1949, they all had a certain amount of family business and were defined as landlords by the Chinese Communist Party. They chose to believe the propaganda and stayed, but they suffered during the "Three Againsts and Five Againsts", during the Great Famine, and again during the Cultural Revolution.

I grew up in a small town in the north of Jiangsu Province, and my parents were intellectuals. That small town in northern Jiangsu Province is famous as the hometown of college entrance exams. I received my undergraduate and graduate education in mainland China, and I count myself as having studied hard.

After graduation, I had the opportunity to join a well-known multinational enterprise and became a sales director, and I also went abroad for training and had the opportunity to stay and work in the United States. But at that time, I was still young and had not seen so much. And at that time, I didn't know the tragic situation my grandparents' generation had suffered, so I chose to go back to China.

At that time, China was enjoying a demographic dividend, we had the opportunity to join the WTO, and the whole global (environment) was relatively friendly to China. For us as fresh graduates, we felt there was still a lot of running around.

Around 2011, China strongly encouraged private companies to go public. Combining my multinational background and experience, I seized this opportunity to set up my own private equity fund. We specialize in fostering the innovative development of small and medium-sized enterprises, and the scale of funds under management has exceeded RMB 5 billion.

The low point has been these last few years. a wave that we have seen since '17 is receding. The whole social control at the national level is getting stronger day by day. What about now, if you will, we can say that we are at a point where the tide is turning.

China's amplification of the epidemic has led to a lot of trials and tribulations suffered by many enterprises in the past two or three years. Always thinking that today is the hardest day and tomorrow will be better, only to find that tomorrow may be worse than today.

The Zhao family still controls the lifeblood of all industries. In fact, we all know this: you are not a wealth owner, you are a wealth surrogate. The money is not yours, I just let you put it in your pocket. Your money will be the object of looting in the future. Because we have such a huge financial deficit, where does this money come from? It exists in the pockets of the elite class. If you want to come to you and take it, there are so many (ways). Knock on your door and you hand over the money. The original foreign exchange control policy may still have various ways to (transfer) the money out, but now it is necessary to keep the money in the country.

After figuring that out, if you don't leave, you're basically a lamb to the slaughter. Wearing the king's new clothes, the rulers of the deer for the horse, creating artificial fear, often sealed off the city, people's bottom line has been tested out. So why now "Run" has become a discipline, and there are theories and implementation methods.

A recent quote from a well-known blogger on the Internet: it was your grandfather's fault for not wetting out in '49. Now if you don't moist out, your children and grandchildren will say you made a big mistake now, if you still have children and grandchildren.

I'm not yet "wet" to an ideal destination. I would like to go to a freer country where I can guarantee freedom from fear for myself and my family. At that time, I would also like to write down my family's experiences for history.