My name is Liling Mo and I am 25 years old. My previous occupation was Clinical Coordinator and I worked in Shanghai Ruijin Hospital. I am currently living in Bangkok for a long time.

I am from Chaoshan, Guangdong. The Chaoshan area is actually very patriarchal. My parents are very traditional and the whole family environment is very depressing. I am the youngest of three sisters in my family, and also the most rebellious one. I am the youngest and the most rebellious because I was born in China. My family would always say negative things to me, such as, "Oh, you're an overbreeder, so you won't be able to get any land, and you'll be fined a lot of money," which caused me to be very resentful. I swore that I would go out to study, that I would leave. When I was in high school, I went to an outside school and lived there.

Whether I went to high school or college, I found the whole atmosphere to be very depressing. I remember I had a class president in college who wanted to be a party member, big time. He really paid a lot of money to be a member of the party. Every day he would deliberately help the counselor, and his attitude towards the teachers was very different from that of his classmates, to whom he was very bossy. He was a bit more powerful than you, and then, wow, that kind of worship, it's hard to understand where this kind of worship comes from, but that's the way they are.

From the time I knew there was a "wall", I actually had the idea of lubrication, because I am very annoyed with the "wall" of this kind of thing, and then castrated the net and cracked down on the game, I think it's too ridiculous, why would you want to do that, to drop a father out of thin air, to manage from all aspects of the Why do we have to do this? Why do we have to drop a dad out of nowhere to manage everything?

I graduated from university in 2020, just as the epidemic started. As soon as I graduated, I went to Saudi Arabia and worked there for a little over a year. at the end of December 2021 I went to work in Shanghai. Within a few months Shanghai started to close down the city and I was kept home.

As soon as I started being sealed at home, I actually searched for any way to get going as quickly as possible. When you are sealed in the city, you have to do nucleic acid every day, but the positives are growing every day at the same time as we are doing nucleic acid every day in our neighborhood. I was really annoyed at the back, and I really didn't want to do the nucleic acid anymore. The neighborhood committee will desperately come over and knock on your door, all the time very loud, very hard to come over and knock on your door, will also hold a loud speaker in the bottom shouting, shouting you go down to do nucleic acid. After he had shouted for several days, there was really no way out, so I went down to do the nucleic acid.

They weren't happy about it either, saying that I had been uncooperative and how I couldn't be considerate or anything. I got very angry. I said, "If I'm sympathetic to you, then who's going to be sympathetic to us? And I was mean to them. I said, "Why do we have to do nucleic acid every day? Why do we have to do nucleic acid every day? Where are the red-tape documents? Who says we have to do nucleic acid every day?

Although it was quite cool when I disliked them, and I felt that I had taken a bite out of them, afterward, I was very, very, very scared, gigantically scared! Because after all, they are the neighborhood committee, but I am just a small civilian. I am also very afraid to say whether he will target me later on, so I am very afraid. That kind of psychological pressure is really too much for me to bear. At that moment, I thought, "No, I have to go. I had to leave! I felt that there was no way I could stay any longer.

I actually had a very, very short time to prepare. I finished my job on October 13th and I flew to Thailand on October 19th. Before I came here, I had always heard people say that the people in Thailand are very warm and friendly. I just got off the plane and took a taxi to my hotel. The driver was really warm. Although he didn't speak English and I didn't speak Thai, we couldn't communicate much. But when he refueled, he bought me a bottle of water. My hotel was in a small alley, so the cab couldn't get in. He parked the car on the side of the road and helped me carry my suitcase. He didn't know where the hotel was. He would ask the passersby for me and then bring me to the door of the hotel.

And it's also really freeing, and you don't have to wear a mask or do nucleic acids. Because I worked in a hospital before, and I really had to do nucleic acid every day, every day. You're in Shanghai, on the road, you have to wear a mask. Otherwise at any time a security guard or someone will come and tell you that you need to wear a good mask or something. But when you're over here there's not so many restrictions anymore. I think it's really the freedom I imagined.

I still yearn for the free and easy world outside. But if it opens up, I may still go back to see my family, but I don't necessarily want to go back to China. I'd actually like to go to Canada, the United States or Northern Europe. I'd like to visit more countries.