I am 52 years old, my name is Zhang Lei, I used to be an Internet product manager in China, and I originally did the security desktop of 360, and then I started my own business.

Last year I thought it was already a bit of a weird state of affairs. You see all over the world it seems like this epidemic is moving towards coexistence (with the virus), and this policy of zeroing out in the country, that's akin to being in jail. You're being monitored everywhere, you're being tested everywhere. My kid's school basically has weekly reports. You have to write a bunch of forms, where you go how to do, not just like the prison report discipline (the same), who needs to go to the bathroom ah and so on, it's this kind of prison management model.

We citizens are losing more and more, and it's something we all take for granted. I don't think this is a human life anyway. At least I know there are plenty of places in this world where you can live without it.

How many ordinary people have lost their lives just because of this epidemic prevention. People don't take your life seriously when they need to be in power, it's just an understatement of a cost.

In fact, my greatest fear is not about who is in power, in fact, who is in power is the same. It's just that what we are clamoring for and pursuing in the whole Chinese environment is the greatest event for our motherland and our nation - the unification of the motherland, the great integration of the nation. This thing is actually a great risk.

We are now in fact everyone in the prevention of war in the Taiwan Strait, once this situation occurs, then, for the whole continent is a catastrophe. Because your economy will certainly be sanctioned, then your people life, really can not live ah. Our older ones may be okay, you say that the children that is very likely ......

My first concern was, would I be cannon fodder? Will they be sent to the battlefield? Our children are 17 years old and will soon be ready to join the army. This risk may not come, we strive for it not to come, but if it does come, it is absolutely unbearable for us as individuals and as a family.

If you say that the most important event that forces me to take my family away is actually my fear of this uncertainty about the future of China, or the fear of such extreme things. In fact, ultimately, we have to think about the children, and we can't keep them in this kind of environment forever, they don't have a choice. We put these roads out, even if they really like the motherland ah, like to return to the domestic environment is okay, go back, right.

Now I feel that the domestic passport policy, so that the people do not realize that they have lost the possibility of obtaining freedom. This is the most basic human right. The so-called what "non-essential not to leave the country", you from the official side, this is an epidemic prevention requirements, but the real meaning, you have to ask me words, is for the security of the ruling party, the ruling party to stabilize, is to control the people's everything. And this you do not say ah, can also play a role in stabilizing foreign exchange, you can not go, the money certainly can not spend it.

People don't take your people's lives seriously for the sake of their governing needs. How many people have lost their lives because of things like epidemic prevention? If you say I'm going to fight, I'm going to resist, I'm going to put up signs, I'm going to march, that's not going to help at all, you can't change this thing. The best way to save yourself, in my opinion, is to leave. Come out and change the environment. It's much more valuable than making a million or ten million dollars. How much money you earn, in that environment the money is not yours. You go to a good environment, good for you place. People move to live, trees move to die.

If you think China is best for you in this environment, then I have nothing to say.