I used to study fine arts, but by chance, I entered the media industry. In 1996, I started working at a magazine in Beijing while also working as a freelance writer. After 2012, the Chinese media industry started facing increasing pressure. In 2014, I quit my job and joined some environmental enthusiasts to spend several years focusing on environmental pollution issues.

On February 10th of this year, I visited Xiao Huamei's uncle in Nujiang, Yunnan and filmed his denial that the Iron Chain Woman is Xiao Huamei. On the same day that the fifth official statement about the Iron Chain Woman was released in Xuzhou, I posted the video on Sina Weibo. I hope that more internet users can hear and see it, so that the Iron Chain Woman can be ultimately rescued.

Although this video has been removed within the Great Firewall, people are still spreading this message among many corners of the public and in various WeChat groups.

I also submitted this video of Xiao Hua Mei's uncle to five law enforcement agencies in China. At first, I thought I had found evidence for the government, but instead, I received repeated strikes, threats, and harassment.

The first time I was taken away by the police, there were more than ten police officers standing outside my door, some in uniform and some undercover. They didn't handcuff me, but when they escorted me out of the neighborhood, it felt like the neighbor's children were looking at me as if I were an alien.

On May 10th, I underwent the final investigation by the national security department. They confiscated my phone, cracked my password, and copied the files inside. Such actions have left me feeling extremely fearful.

I have children, and those three police officers also have children. They definitely wouldn't want their 12-year-old daughters to be abducted, sold, and forced to bear eight children through rape for 20 years. Such incidents have already touched upon the bottom line of human society's values and ethics. It is terrifying to me when our society starts to be ambiguous about such matters and needs to issue contradictory government announcements to cover up and explain them.

After the incident with Xiao Hua Mei's uncle, all my previous expectations of China have turned into illusions. I never imagined that the Chinese government's taboo on speech and the police's constraints on citizen behavior would become so cruel. When a person's life is threatened and they don't even have the voice to call for help, I believe that at such moments, freedom of speech is the right to life.

China does not have a free media; all of it is under party and government supervision. As a citizen journalist, the risks are very high when I participate in some news events. I can be arrested by the police at any time and be labeled as colluding with foreign hostile forces.

I started to decide that I wanted to leave China. Every day, I researched how to leave China, just like 007. I wasn't sure if I was being restricted, so I asked some friends to find out for me. They told me it was still possible, so I seized the opportunity and went to Malaysia. I stayed there for a month and finally arrived in the United States on July 21st.

I never expected to leave China in such a hasty manner and start anew in the United States. It's like the story of Sāi Wēng losing his horse.

