我現在所在的位置距離邊境上的過境點只用兩顆機器我身後的這棟樓是用來接我們現在這個就是一個過境點是在美國德州邊境的城市麥克蘭和墨西哥的城市瑞濃撒之間我們現在開著車過的我們馬上要到墨西哥這邊了然後前面可以看到這個白色的一個小巴

我們在地的同事剛剛告訴我們這個很有可能就是剛剛剛剛被從美國邊境執法人員屈如出境的根據Tidal 42.42條屈如出境了一車人但這個車現在停在這可能他們已經離開了這是一個官方的過境點所以對我們來說

從美國到墨西哥剛剛這一路並沒有任何人檢查我們的證件但是據說如果我們待會要從墨西哥回到美國的時候美國這邊的邊境人員是會檢查我們的證件我們可以看到這旁邊這些都是在這等待過境的人所以這些人在這裡我們就在這裡看著這個車是嗎?

他們認為他們有需要的人他們在做CVP1CVP1appCVP1這是一個美國政府最近新推出的一個正在推廣希望這些想要入境美國的人去使用的一個應用程序它在這個程序上面據說是可以去預約和邊境人員的這樣一個時間

剛剛我們看到的坐在這個過境朝上的我們同時說他們就是正在手機上面使用這個應用程序想要提醒怎樣提前能夠預約到一個時間這樣他們就可以通過這樣的方式入境美國是是我們現在已經到的墨西哥的美濃山

這上面我們看到這個錄標已經變成西語了很棒我可以看到它可以去處理跟路上的長時間這個標記上面寫著我有看過Mexico歡迎來到墨西哥謝謝這是我們第一次以這樣的方式離開美國

就是從德州這樣開的車進入墨西哥我本來以為他們可能會要檢查我們的證件是不是有但是確實你進到墨西哥的一直說好多人我們沒有要進入墨西哥我們沒有要進入墨西哥40km/h

所以如果只是從美國離開邊境進入墨西哥在40公里以內都是不會被檢查證件的但如果你需要進入到更深入的進入墨西哥其他的地方你可能會需要有墨西哥的方面前陣也好留證件也好所以現在我們只是到邊境城市美國非常的近

所以我們不需要任何額外的證件所以現在我們要進入一個燒車在這裡在這裡在這裡我們在這裡在這裡這是在這裡對所以

but if people also cross in ExactlyYes but it's here is very controlled by the car tells белmatsuno ,he's not like in MahansRenoza has a criminal called Cartel in MoscowSo if you want to go from here to somewhere near to the city, you need to get rid of the criminal or people who were arrested for the crimeOn the other side of the city, we have some hidden places in Brunsville, which are not controlled by the criminal or criminal. So many people from there are not allowed to pay for the crime.We are now going to a shelter.So people coming from different countries, they just kind of temporarily settle here waiting for the time to come.This is a shelter in Renoza. There are many people waiting for the time to come.There are many people here. There are about 1500 people here.We will see if there are people from China.

This is the shelter in Renoza. It is only the border of the city of MacAlan and the area of ​​the shelter.There are many people from all different countries, including Chinese. We know what is the reason behind this shelter.If you want to enter the United States, you can come here and have two doors.This is the shelter in the United States. We will open it to you.Thank you very much.Many people from all different countries come here to help you.This is the shelter in the United States.If you don't have the shelter, you can enter the shelter.You can enter the shelter in the United States.If you don't have the shelter, you can enter the shelter.

There are people who have been talking to the shelter for a long time. But in the past two months, they have seen seven Chinese people.They have three children and they come here.Many Chinese people from all different countries will choose to enter the shelter.They will enter the shelter in the United States.The shelter will be held by the people who have been waiting for the shelter.The shelter will be held by the people who have been waiting for the shelter.The shelter will be held by the people who have been waiting for the shelter.The shelter will be held by the people who have been waiting for the shelter.Where are you from?I am from the United States.

I am from the United States.They are from the United States.How do you know about a camera?I am from the United States.I am from the United States.I am from the United States.
